What do we do if we want this to actually display correctly?
Well, as the previous previous example showed, all we have to do is replace the location of the script
tag.
So let's take the script tag,
leave it below the paragraph tag,
let's click Go Live, it's already running. 4.0.html.
So now before I press the return key, what would you expect to happen?
Well, we're still going to expect a 5 second delay because the browser still has to encounter that
script tag before it hits the paragraph tag.
But when we check our console log, we should see that element displayed. Let's wait
five seconds.
(countdown timer)
There you go.
The text is displayed.
Let's have a look at the console.
And there it is, there is the element that we've console logged to the screen.
How awesome was it?
I hope you're enjoying it.
There's one more thing, though, I want to tell you quickly before we move on.